Problem/Treatment 1 (fall)
However, he remains at risk for falls due to history of falls and reported instances of near fall related to weakness. He expressed worry about further deterrioration of his mobility and physical condition.
_ reported having multiple near fall incidents and continues to be at risk of fall.
----------------------------------------
SWA reinforced proper fall prevention and precaution techniques to reduce the risk of future fall.
SWA educated _ on fall prevention and precaution techniques, such as consistent and proper use of ambulation device while at home or going out.

Problem/Treatment 2 (age)
He reported he was doing fine at this time, with no significant changes to his mood or significant worsening of his current ailments. 
He stated he was doing fine at this time, no indicated distress related to his health condition. 
He continues to report having ongoing concerns and somatic discomforts related to his aging status.
He reported no significant changes to his overall health condition and stated that he felt fine, despite coping with his health decline symptoms.
------------------------------------------
SWA reached out to _ to provide him with monitoring, wellness check and education. 
SWA provided the opportunity for him to vent his inner feelings appropriately through use of active listening, empathy, and positive feedback.
SWA provided empathy, validation and active listening for him to vent his inner feelings further.
SWA reinforced coping skills and relaxation techniques to help _ minimize negative feelings and improve his adjustment towards the aging process.
SWA encouraged _ to keep regular telecommunication contact with friends and families for social support and social stimulation.

Problem/Treatment 3 (sleep)
_ complained about having sleep problems, with difficulty returning to sleep AEB nocturia.
He complained about having poor sleep, feeling tired and fatigued during the day.
He complained of having tiredness, likely related to a chronic poor sleeping condition and irregular sleeping patterns.
----------------------------------------------
SWA reinforced proper sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques to help with the sleeping problems.
SWA taught him sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques such as stretching before bed, listening to relaxing music and deep breathing as part of his bedtime routine.
SWA encouraged relaxation and breathing techniques such as stretching or taking a warm bath before bed to promote relaxation prior to sleeping.

Problem/Treatment 4 (joint)
_ complained about joint pain and leg weakness, which has affected his sense of mobility and activity levels.
_ complained about somatic pain related to aging and expressed worry about aging. He expressed feeling helpless in managing these symptoms.
_ expressed concerns about his fall risk and further worsening of his health condition. However, he denied having significant impairment of his daily routine and self-care abilities. 
-------------------------------------------------
SWA provided the opportunity for _ to vent his negative feelings appropriately, through use of empathy, active listening, and positive feedback.
SWA provided the opportunity for him to vent his inner feelings appropriately through use of active listening, empathy, and positive feedback.
SWA provided emotional support through use of active listening, empathy, and validation.

Problem/Treatment 5 (hearing)
He complained about of hard of hearing status leading to difficulty communicating with others.
----------------------------------------------------
SWA provided a quiet environment for him to communicate and be understood easily, letting him express his feelings through active listening.
SWA utilized slower speech, lower pitch and greater enuciation to improve communication.

Problem/Treatment 6 (memory loss)
He complained about memory loss, as he is more forgetful and often misplaces his things.
He reported noticing more symptoms of memory decline, with misplacement of objects and difficulty retaining information.
--------------------------------------
SWA encouraged _ to maintain active engagement in self-care activities while at home such as exercise, socialization by phone and going for short walks outside. 
SWA provided reality orientation and offered opportunity to reminiscence as a form of cognitive stimulation.

Problem/Treatment 7 (loneliness)
_ expressed feelings of isolation due to COVID-19 pandemic and having limited social opportunities. 
_ reported feeling boredom and with lack of social stimulation due to the pandemic.
---------------------------------------------
SWA provided education for maintaining his health, safety and wellness admist COVID-19 pandemic and will continue to monitor his progress on a weekly basis. 
---------------------------------------------
COVID-19 Participant Wellness check and Risk assessment form was completed for this week, see form for additional information. 